After looking at the sales_f table,
you notice that it's a fact table,
with each row representing one cell.
There is a field representing a two-digit country code in there called country_id.
However, there are over 51 countries that are in
the continent of Asia at this time in publication.
You don't want to manually attribute each country to their region.
There is also a product_id field which contains many different values.
So you don't really know if this table only contains
smartphones or sales of other products as well.
You also noticed that there is no year of sale filled,
but rather a timestamp denoting the date and time of sale.
You query for name and ID in the products_d table,
and you notice that the name for their smartphones are smartphone one and smartphone two.
This company should really come up with better names for their products.
You query the country_d table and find each country mapped to the region that they're in,
whether it be Asia, Europe,
Africa, or the Americas.
Looking through PostgreSQL's reference documentation,
you find that the way to extract year from
a timestamp would be to use the date_part function,
you could find a SQL query solution posted below.